Look how incredible the accuracy of this machine is a machine
of the cnc flex that these condor that in the techno goal of his is a machine
what is it actually does a job like this is for sale
the plant
models like this one that this alliance
and of this ring a surgical precision is not
smart is the director here of cnc practice
this is a money-making machine in times of crisis that the world lives on
the person having such a machine there
she can apply from there not that others do not intimidate us with her proof already
Lenine
is the doctor of the jewelry industry and the six of the world help days
semi jewels
also be able to work on the assumption
cash the treasuries also pink tax money as buckle
the right customer is not
and we also have other machines to other sectors such as classroom division
from hardwoods
when you
it can be used this sensor technology
he's telling me here that a person bought a machine from seven plants
do you know what is cost-effective with a single order
of 10 thousand pieces
he paid the machine
the only request
an interesting product because it has an absolute precision after it results
any branch of activity as to the present and give a beat it for a
convention as it marks a faith if
as private
if usually the person by the senate the company logo aires
give as
in comma gratitude for the convention solved
the cnc fraction phones than the sites and only you access
after killing it to serve them in this product
It's very cool, thank you very much.
Yesterday, thank you for reviewing your friends.
they will continue